{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh10920\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Gmail\
\
Feature 1: Composing an Email\
\
Conditions:\
1. The floating action button for composing an e-mail is visible in the lower right corner.\
2. The floating action button is clickable and upon clicking the button; it takes you to the compose activity.\
3. TextEdit field \'93From\'94 is clickable and shows connected gmail accounts upon click.\
4. TextEdit field \'93To\'94 is clickable and allows typing upon click. The little down arrow shows Cc and Bcc fields. \
5. TextEdit fields \'93Cc\'94 and \'93Bcc\'94 are clickable and allows typing upon click.\
6. TextEdit field \'93Subject\'94 is clickable and allows typing upon click. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 7. TextEdit field \'93Compose email\'94 is clickable and allows typing upon click. \
8. Additional options are seen upon clicking the three dot sign.\
\
User story:\
1. As a user, I can click the \'93compose email\'94 floating action button and move to the \'93Compose\'94 screen.\
2. As a user, I can click \'93From\'94 field and see my connected gmail accounts.\
3. As a user, I can click \'93To\'94 field to start typing the receiver email address.\
4. As a user, I can click the little down arrow to see Cc and Bcc fields.\
5. As a user, I can click \'93Subject\'94 field to start typing the subject of the email.\
6. As a user, I can click \'93Compose email\'94 field to start typing the body of the email.\
7. As a user, I can click the three dot sign to see additional options.\
\
\
Feature 2: Reading an Email\
\
Conditions:\
1. If enabled in the settings, a notification is received upon receiving a new email\
2. Clicking the notification opens the app and the relevant email\
3. Previous emails with the same subject and from the same person are threaded and can be read. \
4. The email thread is archived upon clicking the archive button. \
5. The email thread is deleted upon clicking the bin button. \
6. The status of the email thread is changed to unread upon clicking the envelope button. \
7. Additional settings are seen upon clicking the the dot sign.\
\
User Story:\
1. As a user, I can receive notifications.\
2. As a user, I can click the notification to open the app and go to the relevant email thread.\
3. As a user, I can read the previous emails with the same subject from the same person in an email thread. \
4. As a user, I can archive the email thread by clicking the archive button.\
5. As a user, I can delete the email thread by clicking the bin button.\
6. As a user, I can change the status of the email thread by clicking the envelope button.\
7. As a user, I can see additional options by clicking the dot sign.\
\
\
Feature 3: Adding a new account:\
\
Conditions:\
1. The sidebar is opened by clicking the three dash sign.\
2. Settings is seen near the end of the list.\
3. Settings is clicked go to the Settings activity.\
4. General settings item can be seen and clicked.\
5. The accounts that have already been added can be seen. \
6. Add account item is the last item in the field and upon click takes the user to the set up email activity. \
\
User Story: \
1. As a user, I can open the sidebar by click the the dash sign.\
2. As a user, I can see the settings item near the end of the list and click it to go the settings activity. \
3. As a user, I can see and click general settings item.\
4. As a user, I can see the already-added accounts.\
5. As a user, I can see and click the add account item to go to the set up email activity.\
}